hey guys x + 6 7 8 here and i'm going to
show you guys how to dot where to find a
program where you can control any
computer with the same program and as
long as you have their password that you
can usually if you what I've tried
sometimes is I've guessed their IDs and
their passwords and I've actually a
couple on a couple of occasions I've
gotten on but it doesn't always work so
i'm going to show you if you want to
help a friend but you don't want to go
over to a friend's house alright so
you're going to go to teamviewer.com and
then you're going to go up to the
download now it's free section and then
click save file and then you go through
the process of downloading don't do
selected download or don't do custom
download and all that because it's just
annoying unless you're really good at
that stuff ok so once you get that
you're going to go to find where you
saved it and then open it now I'm not
sure if this is going to work because I
do not have
it all right on any other computer so
I'm just going to see if that happens if
anything happens because it might work i
just need the password may be no okay
well this is the screen it's going to
pop up and this is your ID right here
this is your ID so you're not going to
give that to anyone else or you can give
that other people I'm sorry if they if
you want them to connect to your
computer but that's what you're going to
give to them this ID right here and this
password now this area right over here
is where you're going to put in their ID
and if you want to transfer a file
you're going to click file transfer but
if you want to control their mouths and
their desktop and all that you can click
on icons do whatever is remote support
and then click connect to partner and if
I had another working computer with that
didn't that wasn't pretty crappy I would
open it up right now put it in its ID
and connect to the partner but I do not
have a good one so if you just oh yeah
once you click connect a partner if it
gets the connection correctly and all
that it's going to ask you for a
password it's going to be the same
password on their screen it's going to
be the same password that's right there
so it's going to ask you for a password
and then you just put in that password
you can also go to if you go to extras
go to options you can change your
display name you can set a predetermined
password so let's say I wanted to make
my password always I wanted to be one
two three four so i type in one two
three four 1234 and then i take ok and
it would make my password the whole
entire time whenever i'm trying to
connect to somebody it would be one two
three four and then you can set you
wanna if you want good quality you can
select it to always optimize quality you
can give select if you want them to full
access this is incoming usually you can
change the window mode and all time you
can give them full access again you
can't let they won't log in and all that
kind of stuff so yeah that's you can
basically do pretty pretty good about
stuff with that and that's the
teamviewer i remember there's also how
it works screenshots on here now if i go
to screenshots on here let's see if they
have one of while you're viewing someone
let's see
no they do not
okay well what does is it pulls it pulls
up a window it's going to be about
usually about let's see this size inside
it you can see their desktop usually
this background disappears you can
change it where it reappears but if
you're looking for speed it usually gets
rid of that it makes it the default blue
or black for Vista users so that's
basically it and I hoped you enjoyed
this enjoyed this video and subscribe
post comments and rate my video thank
you